Add functionality to filter quotes by tags (#22)
lukePeavey/quotable: README.md

Returns a single random quote from the database

#### Query parameters

| param    | type     | Description                                                  |
| :------- | :------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |

> | tags     | `String` | The list of tags. Tags can be separated by comma (`tags=life,technology` would match quotes with the tags "life" `AND` "technology") or pipe `|` (`tags=love|friendship` would match quotes with tags "love" `OR` "friendship").|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tags     | `String` | Filter random quote by tag(s). Takes a list of one or more tag names, separated by a comma (meaning `AND`) or a pipe (meaning `OR`). A comma separated list will match quotes that have **_all_** of the given tags. While a pipe (`|`) separated list will match quotes that have **_either_** of the provided tags. |
```

| param    | type     | Description                                                  |
| :------- | :------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| author   | `String` | Filter quotes by author name. Supports fuzzy search.         |
| authorId | `String` | Filter quotes by author ID.                                  |
| limit    | `Int`    | The number of quotes to return per request. (for pagination).|
| skip     | `Int`    | The number of items to skip (for pagination).                |

> | tags     | `String` | The list of tags. Tags can be separated by comma (`tags=life,technology` would match quotes with the tags "life" `AND` "technology") or pipe `|` (`tags=love|friendship` would match quotes with tags "love" `OR` "friendship").|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tags     | `String` | Filter quotes by tag(s). Takes a list of one or more tag names, separated by a comma (meaning `AND`) or a pipe (meaning `OR`). A comma separated list will match quotes that have **_all_** of the given tags. While a pipe (`|`) separated list will match quotes that have **_either_** of the provided tags. |
```
